Previously on
"Grey's Anatomy"...
I love you.
I love everything about you.
I get to change lives!
That's the dream!
Fine, I don't want
to go to Africa.
I found out that
I'm pregnant with Mark's baby.
Are you in
or are you out?
I'm in.
Oh, my God!
[ Gasps ] Callie!
Callie!
[ Monitor beeps ]
Callie: I choose you to be the
one with whom I spend my life.
[ Gasps ]
I can't keep doing this
alone, Arizona.
[ Cries ]
Arizona: I thought we were past
the hard stuff.
-We have a child!
-I know!
How could you do this?
I don't want to fix us anymore.
This is Penny.
Arizona:
Callie's moving to New York.
And she's trying
to take Sofia with her.
-You hired a lawyer.
-You started this.
♪♪
Meredith:
There's this Bible story.
Two women both claim to be
the mother of the same child.
Gamble: My client is prepared to
offer scheduled visitation
every other weekend.
King Solomon had to choose.
That is ridiculous,
and she knows it.
Sofia cannot take a six-hour
flight by herself twice a month.
That would be a hard no.
Hold, please.
Two mothers.
Only one gets the kid.
We knew
they'd shoot that down.
They are
shooting everything down
because they're being
unreasonable.
They have the luxury of being
unreasonable right now.
We have less than 12 hours
to try to settle.
Their witness lineup is better,
and they know it.
We have Richard Webber.
S-- Ok--
Maybe we should put April
on the stand.
Kepner? No.
We're not calling a witness
you just fired as a patient.
But she's seen me with Sofia
more than anyone,
and she's a good person.
She'll tell the truth.
No, she's a wild card.
It's too risky.
Webber's good.
He better be.
What is your client prepared
to offer as an alternative?
Solomon came up with a plan.
He proposed a 50/50 split.
Visitation rights
for Dr. Robbins
on school breaks
and summers.
That puts us right back
where we started.
Literally. He offered to
chop the kid in half.
It's a reasonable compromise.
Yeah, well, you can take your
compromise
and shove it up your --
-Oh, no. You know what?
You can --
Gamble:
Arizona, look at me.
We are at an impasse here.
If we don't settle,
if we go to trial,
you risk losing it all.
Only one of you is walking out
of that court with sole custody.
I am painfully aware
of that.
Then I urge you to consider
their offer.
Their offer is insulting.
And last time I checked,
you work for me.
[ Phone beeps ]
-That would be a hard no.
-Hold.
It all ends if one mom
relinquishes her custody.
[ Phone beeps ]
Gamble.
We're here.
Or else they both
stand their ground.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
We'll see you in court.
And the kid gets torn apart.
[ Alarm beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Door opens ]
Hi, Sofia!
[ Giggles ]
Mer will be down
in a second.
I'm so sorry about this.
Please. It's the best way
to spend a day off.
[ Laughs ]
Hey, I'm thinking
pancakes for breakfast.
With chocolate chips?
-Ooh.
-Crazytown!
Let's do it.
[ Laughter ]
[ Dog barking in distance ]
Does, um, Sofia know
anything about
what her mommies are doing
today?
Nope.
We're gonna talk to her after we
know exactly what's happening.
Hey. You ready?
[ Sighs ]
[ Birds chirping ]
Hey. Come here.
Come here.
Oh, I'm gonna miss you so much.
You know what?
Mama loves you so, so much.
I will see you again
before you know it.
I know.
You're hugging me too tight.
[ Sniffles ]
You're hugging me too long.
Callie, we have to go.
We don't want to be late.
Come on. Come on.
Okay.
Hey.
Let's go find Zola!
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
She's gonna be fine.
She's with Maggie.
Okay, come on.
Come on.
It's gonna be okay.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
This one is deeper
than I would like.
I'll stitch it up.
You have to go.
Is the baby okay?
Let's take a look.
April: Jenny? Hi, Tara.
-I heard you fell.
-On some dishes.
I was washing them and got
soapy water all over the floor.
Then I slipped.
I told her
I would do them later.
She's nesting, I think.
[ Scoffs ]
Mom, cut it out.
There is the baby's heartbeat --
nice and steady --
and the baby's active,
which is exactly what you want.
I fell really hard.
Are you sure?
Well, the baby looks great,
but I see some free fluid
in your abdomen.
It might be bleeding.
-Or amniotic fluid.
[ Sighs ] Jenny, I'm gonna have
to take you up and have a look.
-Surgery?
-No.
No surgery. I don't want to
go through that again.
It's nothing.
I'm gonna make a small incision,
put a scope in there, make sure
everything's all right.
You'll be there, right?
Um, I'm -- I'm sorry.
Actually, I wish I could.
Today I can't.
Dr. Russo
will monitor the baby.
He's the OB on call,
and he's great.
I will be there, though.
I'm happy to.
Don't you need to get going?
Yeah.
Um, I will check in later.
Um, Russo's good,
but he can be
a little old-school,
just so you know.
-All right. Go.
-Okay.
I can't believe you dumped Kyle
with a note.
Brutal.
Yeah,
not my finest moment.
That's like dumping someone
by text, only in 1980.
Remind me why you broke up
with him at all?
-You know why.
-I know.
It's just that he's so hot
and he's into you
and he plays guitar,
and he's sick,
so you always know where he is.
-Wow.
-I know.
You had to choose between
doctor and girlfriend.
You made the right choice.
Thank you.
However, there are countless
other brains to cut into
but a limited number of butts
like his.
Keep your eyes
on your own butt.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Horns honk ]
Arizona: [ Sniffles ]
Hey.
Well, I, uh,
ground the beans myself.
Thanks. Let's go.
Wait, wait.
We have a few minutes.
How you feeling?
[ Sighs ]
Robbins.
It'll be tough, but right now,
you have to look past the pain
to what you'll have
when they're done.
"At the end,
you'll have a baby."
That's what I tell
all the laboring moms.
[ Chuckles ]
You're not drinking.
Oh. Okay.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Horns honk ]
Judge Kane:
We're here today to determine
a custody modification
of a minor
between two divorced parents,
Arizona Robbins
and Calliope Torres.
The trial's witness pool
is unusual
in that it'll be shared
by both parents.
The parties have stipulated
to call each witness once,
at which time,
each side will have a chance
to examine that witness.
[ Door closes ]
If you're testifying,
remember --
this is not
a popularity contest.
You are not choosing sides.
We're all on the same side --
the side of a 6-year-old child.
Dr. Torres, Dr. Robbins,
custody hearings are,
without exception,
very difficult
on all parties involved,
your daughter included.
Things said here
will undoubtedly be harsh
and cannot be unsaid.
I ask this of parents before
I begin any custody hearing.
Are you both sure
you want to proceed?
Yes, Your Honor.
I'm sure.
Dr. Torres.
I'm sure, Your Honor.
Then this court
is now in session
to determine
sole physical custody
of Sofia Robbin Sloan Torres.
Dr. Torres and I worked together
on a pro bono project
building prosthetics
for injured vets.
And that's a very meaningful
project for you
because
you're a vet yourself.
Is that correct?
Yes, I served as a surgeon
in the Army.
Charity work
and the vet card.
That's smart.
Yeah,
it's not good for Robbins.
Carpio: What was the connection
for Dr. Torres?
Well, she just cares.
While she didn't serve,
she's always been willing
to pitch in, to help.
She's a very empathetic person.
Big-hearted.
Has Dr. Torres discussed
her move to New York with you?
She has.
Did you feel it was
a sudden move?
Um, well, not for her.
I mean, it was sudden
because Dr. Blake's schedule
determined the move,
but for Callie, no.
This is who she is.
She gets thrown a situation --
it doesn't daunt her.
It inspires her.
I've seen it time and time again
in the O.R.
She just jumps in.
And this is no different.
She's found a great school
for Sofia,
and she's making the best of
a tough situation with grace.
It's something
I admire about her.
No further questions
at this time.
You live with Dr. Robbins,
don't you?
I rent a room in her house.
I bet you never expected
to be living with a 6-year-old.
Yeah, sure.
I wasn't, uh, thrilled
to be living
with a kid, uh,
till I started
living with one.
I had never been around
a lot of kids before,
but Sofia's a blast.
She's so smart and hilarious.
I mean, she and her mom
are just laughing all the time.
The place is so happy.
Sofia makes the place happy.
We see so much dark stuff
every day at work.
It's -- It's really nice
to come home to a happy kid.
Mm.
So, would you say
you love Sofia?
I -- I have come to.
Yes.
Oh, that's nice.
And how long have you known
Sofia now?
Well,
we met a few months ago.
Oh, and how well would you say
you've gotten to know Sofia
in the few months that you've
spent together, Dr. Blake?
Very well.
Oh. Very well.
That's good.
That's, uh, very good.
What's her favorite color?
Blue.
Her favorite toy?
Objection. Irrelevant.
This isn't a quiz show.
I'm trying to
establish the nature
of Dr. Blake's relationship
with Sofia.
Judge Kane: I'll allow it.
Her favorite toy
is Astronaut Barbie.
Her favorite cereal
is Whole Grain O's.
Her favorite animal
is a unicorn.
Her favorite sea creature
is a mermaid.
And her bedtime is 8:30.
And her favorite thing to do
in the morning
is pick out her outfit.
[ Chuckles ]
You can ask me
anything you want.
[ Monitor beeping ]
5mm scope.
So, why aren't you there?
In court?
Why aren't you there?
I've seen enough people
fighting over kids.
I've had enough
of fighting over my own,
and mine's not even born yet.
Well,
there's the free fluid.
Suction irrigator, please.
How are we looking here,
Dr. Karev?
Uh, well,
that's not blood.
Ohh. Oh, no.
Looks like amniotic fluid.
Show me the uterine fundus,
please.
[ Sighs ] Damn it.
Uterus is perforated.
Let me have a look there.
Thank you.
[ Sighs ]
Getting fluid
in her abdomen.
This pregnancy has just become
non-viable.
This baby's barely viable
outside that womb.
It's only 24 weeks.
You can repair it,
can't you?
I can try.
Throw in a plasma patch,
hope for the best.
-"Hope for the best?"
-It's experimental,
but if we want to
prolong this pregnancy --
-Of course we do.
-Then a patch is the way to go.
Five seconds ago,
you wanted to deliver.
Now you're confident
in a plasma patch?
Dr. Karev,
I am the OB on call here.
You are a peds surgeon.
If I say that a patch is best,
a patch is best.
Kepner?
If it keeps the baby in,
I vote for the patch.
Stay in your lane,
Dr. Karev.
Prep albumin polymers,
please.
I'll update the mom.
[ Monitor beeps ]
♪♪
[ Monitor beeping ]
[ Woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A. system ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
How'd it go?
How's Jenny?
Well, she's still in surgery
but doing great.
We located
the source of the leak,
and Dr. Russo's repairing it
right now.
And the baby?
The baby is healthy
and still in utero,
which is what we want.
[ Sighs ]
It's too little to be born,
right?
It wouldn't be ideal.
I-I need you to sign one more
form for Dr. Russo's repair.
It seems like
I was just here
signing these
for Jenny's last surgery.
[ Sighs ]
I just had a feeling.
I said goodbye.
I left for work.
I was two blocks away
and I had an awful,
just sick feeling.
I turned around, I drove home,
and there she was --
on the floor,
blood everywhere.
[ Voice breaking ]
I just had a terrible feeling
that something
was really wrong.
It's a good thing you did.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
And your work schedule will be
pretty grueling, I'd imagine.
Penny: Actually,
it's a research fellowship,
so it will be
far more predictable
than a surgery resident's
schedule.
Oh, I see.
What was Sofia wearing
this morning?
-What?
-What was she wearing today?
I --
I don't know.
You didn't see her
this morning?
No, I-I did.
I just, uh --
I can't, um, recall
exactly what it --
Objection.
Relevance.
Moving on.
What grade is Sofia in?
Second.
No, first.
She's in first grade.
I have to go, and this is
getting hard to watch.
Are you sure?
-Yes.
-Because you didn't sound sure,
and you keep saying this is
a child that you know,
a child that
you're gonna soon co-parent.
I-I-I can see
how you might not remember...
[ Door opens, closes ]
...what color tutu she wore
to school today,
but to not even know
what grade she's in --
So many objections.
Badgering, irrelevant --
-Sustained.
-I'm sorry.
I don't mean to
belabor the point,
but you said it yourself.
You've only known Sofia
a few months, so --
No,
that is not what I meant.
But that is what you said.
All right, Counselor.
I know what grade she's in.
I do.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
♪♪
[ Clock ticking ]
Maybe it wasn't that bad.
[ Door opens ]
That was
really, really bad.
Oh, God.
[ Sighs ]
But it doesn't kill us.
Not yet.
I can't believe Arizona let them
pull that slimy bull--
It was a smart move,
and it worked.
But we've got smarter moves.
Let me put Dr. Grey on the stand
tomorrow,
and she's gonna close strong.
Look confident.
[ Scoffs ]
Carpio:
You're the Chief of Surgery.
Doctors Torres and Robbins
report to you.
That is correct.
And for those of us
who aren't surgeons,
Dr. Torres operates on bones
while Dr. Robbins
operates on babies.
Is that correct?
Well,
fetuses and babies.
Yes.
How does the schedule
of an orthopedic surgeon
compare to that
of a fetal surgeon?
It varies day to day.
I see,
but in your opinion,
which specialty has more
unscheduled surgeries?
Ortho or fetal?
-There's really no comparison.
But Dr. Robbins' schedule
is dictated
by the unpredictable nature
of childbirth, is it not?
Objection.
Speculation.
She can't do that.
You can't do that.
I asked
if Dr. Robbins' schedule
is dictated by the unpredictable
nature of childbirth.
Objection.
Speculation.
Your Honor, I'm asking
an expert witness her opinion.
It's only speculation if counsel
is calling into question
the expertise of this witness
as Chief.
Overruled.
Counselor, proceed.
Dr. Robbins' schedule is
unpredictable, wouldn't you say?
[ Sighs ]
It can be, yes.
Any surgeon's --
Sure, but how many
unscheduled emergency procedures
did Dr. Robbins log
over the past six months?
I have no idea.
I would like to introduce
into evidence Document 2C.
Take a look.
This might refresh your memory.
What is that report,
Doctor?
This is a list of
emergency procedures performed
by Dr. Robbins and Dr. Torres
for the past six months.
And according to
that document,
how many
emergency procedures
did Dr. Torres log
in the past six months?
Uh...
27.
And how many
did Dr. Robbins log?
[ Clears throat ]
92.
Now, even for a surgeon,
wouldn't you call that kind of
schedule grueling?
You can say that.
I wouldn't.
I would say
it's wildly successful,
but then,
I would never put
a woman's success
in the con column.
What about her daughter,
though?
92.
92 times
she dropped everything,
Sofia included,
to go to a job.
Would you ask that
if she were a man?
92 times she chose work
over her child.
Your Honor --
92 times Dr. Robbins
was saving babies,
saving parents from losing
their own children!
No further questions.
Don't get discouraged.
They're trying to turn
your strength into weakness.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
This court is adjourned
until tomorrow.
♪♪
[ Siren wailing ]
Tara: No, over here.
Right up against the bed.
God, Mom.
Just go home to sleep.
This is so embarrassing.
I'm sorry.
She's a nightmare.
That's right.
I'm everybody's nightmare.
Can I have another blanket,
please?
Sure.
Hey!
How's everyone feeling?
I hear you're sleeping over
tonight.
Thank God you're back.
She's nicer to me
when you're around.
[ Laughs ]
Surgery went well?
Yeah.
Russo did a plasma patch.
Yeah, that's a good call.
This baby needs more time.
Okay, listen. I'm sorry that
I wasn't here for the surgery,
but I'll be checking in later,
okay?
[ Monitor beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
I told you.
Kepner and I have Jenny handled.
She's doing fine.
The baby's good.
Everyone's stable.
-Um, where's Russo?
I need to look at
a post-op ultrasound
to make sure the leak is sealed.
-Should you be here?
Shouldn't you be at home getting
ready for court or something?
No.
I shouldn't be here.
I should be at home fixing
my daughter ice cream
and reading her
"Charlotte's Web."
So could you please
page Russo
so I can look at the ultrasounds
and get the hell out of here?
Okay.
Thank you.
[ Siren wails ]
It's an impossible
situation.
A break-up is tough enough
as it is,
but with a kid
in the mix...
I can't even imagine.
[ Sighs ] I mean,
just because you're not
the parent who gave birth
to the kid
doesn't make the kid
any less yours.
Biology or not,
no parent ever fought
to stick around for me.
[ Groans ]
It was
a horrible mistake.
The custody battle?
Me breaking up with Kyle.
-I told you that.
-Who's Kyle?
He was
a once-in-a-lifetime butt.
I said that, too.
I'm calling him.
-Ooh.
-Mm, the -- the drunk-dial.
It's a bad idea.
-I'm not drunk.
Hey!
Steph, look at me.
You have 10 more seconds
to talk about him,
and then no more Kyle talk.
I said that to you.
I know.
10, 9...
Shut up.
I'm calling him.
And it is not drunk-dialing,
sir.
It is
me undoing my mistake.
-Okay.
-I --
[ Whining ]
Give it back.
No.
You are a good friend.
I know.
♪♪
So,
what were you thinking?
Okay, um...
When the baby's born --
Wow.
Starting Day 1, huh?
I would like to be in the room
for the birth.
Um, so if that makes you
uncomfortable --
♪ It's been 7 hour and 13 days ♪
No, not at all.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Yeah, I want you there.
Okay. Um...
♪ Since you took
your love away ♪
Well, when the baby's on
a feeding schedule,
whenever that happens,
then I'm thinking weekends?
You don't want to
split the week?
I do. Yes.
♪ I got out every night
and sleep all day ♪
But when the baby's older,
we may need to switch
to every other week.
I've read that that is just --
-Easier on the child.
Yeah, I-I read that, too.
♪ Since you took
your love away ♪
But I want Easter.
It's important to me.
I go to church, and you --
-Worship the Easter Bunny.
Right.
Now, are we talking
Easter egg hunts
or just church?
♪ Since you've been gone,
I can do whatever I want ♪
Yeah, of course there will be
an Easter egg hunt.
All right,
then Easter's all yours.
Uh, and you can have
the Super Bowl and Halloween.
Mm. Sure.
Okay, now,
what about, uh, Christmas?
♪ Eat my dinner
in a fancy restaurant ♪
We switch off.
We, uh, make a plan.
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
We respect the plan.
♪ But nothing, nothing
can take away these blues ♪
We don't fight.
♪ Oh-ho ♪
Yeah, we don't fight.
♪ Nothing compares ♪
[ Glasses clink ]
♪ Nothing compares to you ♪
Okay, sweetie.
Yeah, no,
it's past your bedtime.
Okay. Hey.
♪ Oh, baby ♪
I love you.
[ Meredith sighs ]
Okay. No, no, no.
No, I don't want to
talk to Mommy, okay?
Okay, bye --
♪ It's been so lonely
without you here ♪
I feel gross.
♪ I'm like a bird
without a song ♪
I feel gross. Court covered me
in a layer of gross
no amount of wine
can wash away.
-Tequila?
-Mnh-mnh.
♪ Nothin' can stop this
lonely rain for fallin' ♪
You know,
you don't have to stay.
I'll be fine alone
till Penny gets home.
Oh.
That won't be for hours.
♪ Tell me, baby,
where did I go wrong? ♪
I buried her
in scut and post-ops.
[ Both laugh ]
I'll call you a cab.
Go home and see your kids.
My kids are asleep.
♪ Oh, baby ♪
They're with
Maggie and Amelia.
♪ I can put my arms
around every boy I see ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
What if last night
was our last night?
Stop.
Don't do that.
I am doing this all wrong.
♪ All my dames remind me of you,
too, girl ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ I went to the doctor ♪
Mark used to say that.
♪ Guess what he told me ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ I'm listening ♪
♪ He said, "Rosie" ♪
You know...
♪ What? ♪
♪ Try to have fun
no matter what you do ♪
...when the kids
were babies,
he used to call me all the time
when Sofia would cry
or she got soap in her eye
and he didn't know
what to do.
♪ Nothing compares ♪
He called you?
He had two moms!
♪ No ♪
♪ Nothing compares to you ♪
Yeah, but the two of you
were so on top of it,
he didn't want you to know.
So he swore me to secrecy.
♪ Ooh, my baby ♪
♪ Tenor man, play it for me ♪
He would hate this.
♪ I know that living with me,
baby, is sometimes hard ♪
So much.
♪ Sometimes hard ♪
He would find it unacceptable.
[ Sighs ]
♪ But I'm willing ♪
♪ I'm willing
to give it one more try ♪
♪ Please, do you know why? ♪
♪ Do you know why? ♪
I lie awake every night
thinking maybe I started
something I shouldn't have.
♪ Nothing compares, no ♪
♪ Nothing compares to you ♪
I shouldn't have to choose
between the person that I love
and the person I love.
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ Every time I,
every time I say ♪
I hope you don't have to.
♪ Nothing compares, no ♪
I tried...
not to love Penny, Mer.
♪ Nothing compares to you ♪
I tried.
So hard.
[ Vocalizing ]
[ Sighs ]
I know.
This all sucks.
♪♪
Arizona:
Come on, Sofia, honey.
You had a really good time with
her yesterday, okay?
-Unh-unh.
-Yes! You did.
You built forts
and it was really fun.
Morning! Come on in!
Hi! Here we go!
I don't want to.
I'm sorry. It's been
a really rough morning.
She woke up really early
and then she didn't
have breakfast, so --
That's okay.
We will make waffles, or --
I'm going with you.
I -- Oh, I can't. I can't.
Mommy can't today.
I'm running late, and
you're here to play with Zola,
but I will be back
just as soon as I can.
No.
[ Sighs ] I'm sorry.
I-I'm sorry.
I love you.
I hate you.
Okay,
let's go find Zola.
She'll be fine.
[ Dog barking in distance ]
[ Door closes ]
Hey. How's Jenny doing?
She did okay overnight,
but her mean pressure
is trending down.
I don't like it.
-What does Russo say?
Russo says
to watch and wait,
but I'm thinking about
texting Arizona.
Arizona doesn't have
all the answers.
She has more answers
than Russo.
And you're just pissy because
she fired you as a patient.
[ Scoffs ] Shut up. She's got
enough on her plate today.
Okay, look.
If Russo says watch and wait,
I say we watch and wait.
Any evidence of fetal distress
on the monitor,
just let me know, okay?
Meredith:
And Dr. Torres and Sofia
couldn't possibly be any closer.
Carpio:
So, you've seen them together
frequently over the years.
All the time.
They went to
the same daycare
and now
they're at the same school.
Sofia's actually at my house
right now.
And what about Dr. Blake?
In your estimation, how does
she get along with Sofia?
Great.
Sofia loves Penny.
She's a great kid
like that.
She's very open to new people
as long as they're good people,
and Penny
is a very good person.
Thank you, Dr. Grey.
It's your witness,
Ms. Gamble.
You mentioned that Sofia is
at your house today, Dr. Grey.
She is.
It must be nice
for you and Dr. Torres
to have daughters
around the same age.
And they get along,
right?
It is very nice.
They love playing together.
So, who's watching
your daughters
right now
while you're here?
Their Aunt Amelia.
You recently
lost your husband.
Is that correct?
I did.
My sincerest condolences.
Thank you.
So,
you're a single parent.
I am.
And Callie's
a single parent.
Is that a question,
or --
So you two must
help each other out a lot --
two single parents.
Callie drops Sofia off
at your place sometimes
when she has to work
or when she has plans
or when she needs a night off.
Correct?
A "night off"?
Being a mom isn't a job.
We don't punch in
and punch out.
There are no nights off.
We are both single parents.
That's not a dirty word.
But we do need help getting our
kids to where they need to be
with all of
their limbs intact.
So we lean on each other.
That's not a sign of weakness
or bad parenting,
if that's where
you're going with this.
It takes a village,
and we have a village.
-Here in Seattle.
-What?
The village
you just mentioned --
the seamless support system
these mothers built,
this essential network.
It's all here in Seattle.
Sofia's friends and her school,
her teachers --
her home
is here in Seattle.
That's
what Sofia would be leaving.
Is that
what you're saying?
No. I was saying --
No further questions,
Your Honor.
♪♪
Dr. Robbins was already
a brilliant pediatric surgeon,
but since she's completed
her fellowship,
I've watched her turn into
one of the most renowned
fetal surgeons in the country.
A child would be lucky to have
her as a role model parent.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
Dr. Webber, you work with
Dr. Robbins -- is that correct?
Uh, yes, that's correct.
Would you say there's overlap
between your specialties?
Yes, there is.
So, you two have gotten close
over the years.
Professionally.
-We have. Yes.
Are you a trivia buff?
[ Sighs ]
Yes.
So, you and Dr. Robbins have
enjoyed trivia nights together.
That's correct, yes.
You go and play, drink,
and flirt with women --
is that correct?
No, it isn't.
I'm married and I don't drink.
So Dr. Robbins did all
the drinking and flirting.
You just went
for the trivia?
That's
an over-simplified --
It's a yes or no question,
Dr. Webber.
Yes.
You're good at trivia?
-Sure.
-Don't be modest.
How many times do you think
you and Dr. Robbins have won
over the past, oh,
let's say six months?
I wasn't counting.
The bar was.
They kept a running tally.
Does this piece of evidence,
Document 3C,
refresh your recollection?
♪♪
You've won 25 times
in the past six months.
That's 25 nights Dr. Robbins
was out drinking with you,
not including
the times you lost.
Where was Sofia
during those evenings?
I don't know.
I'm sorry. I didn't --
I didn't quite catch that.
I said I wasn't privy to
her childcare schedule.
I would like to introduce
into evidence Document 4C.
It is a transcript
of text messages
from Dr. Robbins
to Dr. Torres
asking her
to take Sofia unexpectedly.
[ Scoffs ] Callie and I swap
all the time.
We have
very flexible schedules.
Shh.
Carpio:
Could you please tell the court
the tally at the bottom?
♪♪
Dr. Webber?
[ Scoffs ]
-34.
She asked Dr. Torres to
switch with her 34 times.
We know she was out with you
at least 25 times.
And that's in addition to
the previously mentioned
92 times Dr. Robbins
was unavailable
to parent her own child
due to her professional demands.
Now, let's just pause and think
about this for a minute.
There are only 180 days
in six months' time,
and so far, we've counted
approximately 150 times
in which Dr. Robbins
shirked her duties.
150 out of 180.
Objection.
Badgering the witness.
Calls for speculation.
Sustained.
Your Honor, we'd like to
request a short recess.
[ Gavel bangs ]
So, Callie's okay
slut-shaming me now?
Don't let them rattle you.
They're making it sound like
a working mom is a bad mom.
I mean, we just lost in there,
right?
'Cause they made me sound like
I was a selfish, irresponsible,
sex-crazed --
-Arizona.
-I don't --
Stop.
You have your chance
right now.
They tried to
rewrite the story.
Now's your chance
to set it straight.
You need to get up there,
tell them the truth.
Judge Kane is smart.
She'll know the truth
when she hears it.
You tell the truth,
and you will win this.
♪♪
Carpio: When Sofia was born,
how did that day start for you?
[ Sighs ]
I was in a car accident.
Can you tell us what you
remember about the accident?
I don't remember much,
but I remember --
I remember waking up
on the hood of the car
and I was covered in glass.
I was, um, barely --
I'm so sorry.
Take all the time you need.
♪♪
[ Clears throat ]
I was barely conscious,
um,
and the only thing that I could
feel was just pain all over.
I could have died
on the hood of that car.
[ Voice breaking ]
And I wanted to give up.
But...I couldn't because
I was pregnant with Sofia.
And if I died...she died.
So...I had to fight...
to stay alive,
for my daughter's sake.
Being a mother is the reason
I'm still alive today.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Monitor beeping ]
Jenny,
your BP's borderline low,
but otherwise,
your cardiac evaluation is good.
So,
she's cleared for surgery.
-Surgery. What surgery?
-What happened?
Dr. Russo says
we have to deliver.
Jenny's still leaking
amniotic fluid,
which means
we're out of time.
We need to do a C-section,
deliver this baby.
Right now?
I-It's too early, right?
It's not ideal,
but there may be no choice.
Please don't.
Not yet.
I don't want my baby to die.
Honey, everything
is gonna be fine.
Can I see you outside?
♪♪
If that baby
comes out now --
It has to.
The fetal heart rate's
already showing
decreased variability.
Well, what can we do?
I can deliver, then you do
what you can for the baby.
It's hard to keep those babies
alive. The odds suck.
Compromised lungs,
high risk of brain bleeds.
It's the only option left.
It's what we're doing.
So,
I just lied to my daughter,
and I will
go back in there
and keep telling her that
she'll be okay no matter what,
but to do that, I need to know
that you have done
everything in your power
to make this okay.
Can you tell me that?
Tell me that you have done
everything you can
to keep my baby
and grandchild alive.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Robbins wouldn't deliver.
Do you have
another option?
[ Sighs ]
Then I'll see you in surgery.
Is Robbins an option?
No.
♪♪
Carpio: Dr. Robbins,
you were with Dr. Torres
before she was pregnant.
-Yes.
Were you together when
she got pregnant?
No.
So her pregnancy was not
an agreement
you entered into together,
correct?
No.
It was an agreement
she entered into
with Dr. Mark Sloan,
correct?
They agreed after the fact,
but, yes,
Mark was Sofia's father.
Callie and I were together.
We were a couple
before the pregnancy
and then after
Sofia was conceived.
So, you became part of the
parenting plan later, correct?
[ Cellphone rings ]
Just to be clear,
Dr. Sloan and Dr. Torres
were Sofia's parents
and then you came around.
No,
I didn't "come around."
I'm Sofia's mother.
I legally adopted her.
She doesn't
want to go there.
No, she doesn't.
Her last names
are Sloan and Torres.
I'm gonna have to stop you
before you continue
for your own sake.
You're not going to imply that
I'm any less Sofia's mother
because we don't
share the same DNA.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Dr. Robbins, excuse me.
Because that would be offensive.
It would be offensive
to anyone in the room
who has an adopted child
or is an adopted child,
and for you to say that --
-Dr. Robbins --
-I chose to be Sofia's mother!
It did not fall into my lap.
There was a choice,
and I could stay or I could run,
and I chose motherhood.
And it was the best choice
that I ever made.
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Sighs ]
I'm -- I'm -- I'm so sorry.
I'm a doctor, and I-I have to
answer my phone, so I'm sorry.
I'm -- I'm so sorry.
♪♪
Thank you.
[ Sighs ]
Somewhere
more important to be?
Actually, yes.
Excuse me?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
I love my child,
and I want her with me,
but I know that,
no matter how this ends,
she'll survive.
She'll be healthy and safe
and well-taken care of
and loved.
Because...
we are her mothers.
♪♪
But there's a child at the
hospital who will not survive
unless I am there,
so I have to --
I have to --
I have to go.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Russo:
I am through the uterine wall.
More suction, please.
Vitals are holding.
Why isn't he stopping?
Did you ask him to stop?
Yes. But he's insisting
on taking the baby out.
-Is he into the uterus?
-Yes.
-Well, did he cut the cord?
-No, but he's close.
Tell him not to.
Damn it!
I did.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, everyone.
Change of plans.
Dr. Russo, please stop
what you're doing.
Excuse me?
Hi, Tara.
Hi, Jenny.
You're doing great, okay?
Hey, Karev.
-Cord's intact.
-Beautiful.
Dr. Russo. I said stop.
Now, please.
Robbins, I've almost completed
the C-section.
But you won't
be finishing it.
Someone tell me
what's going on right now.
Um, Tara and Jenny, I am going
to put that baby back in there
so it can cook
a little bit more.
How's that sound to you?
-You can do that?
-It's not too late?
-It is too late.
She's already lost
most of the amniotic fluid.
There's not enough left.
I'm going to fill the depleted
uterus with Lactated Ringer's,
and the baby's
gonna be fine.
Warren, how's she doing?
Pressure's holding steady,
but we should hurry.
Okay.
Mom, I need your consent.
[ Monitor beeping ]
Dr. Robbins
can give the baby more time.
Every additional week
this baby stays inside,
the better the chances
of its survival.
Mom?
We trust Dr. Robbins.
Okay. Uh, Dr. Russo,
thank you for your help.
Please scrub out.
Unbelievable.
Okay, Jenny.
We're gonna put you out for now,
all right?
Tara, you want to say hi
to your grandbaby?
♪ You're broken down and tired ♪
[ Breathes sharply ]
What is it?
It's a girl.
♪ Of living life
on a merry-go-round ♪
You have a daughter.
-Is she pretty?
She's beautiful.
She looks just like you did.
♪ And you can't find
the fighter ♪
Okay. We need to say goodbye
to her now.
♪ But I see it in you
so we gonna walk it out ♪
Goodbye for now.
♪ And move mountains ♪
Goodbye, little girl.
♪ We gonna walk it out ♪
♪ And move mountains ♪
♪ And I'll rise up ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ I'll rise like the day ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ I'll rise unafraid ♪
♪ And I'll do it
a thousand times again ♪
No matter what the judge
decides,
I know that
you're a good mom, too.
♪ And I'll rise up ♪
And I just want you to know
this doesn't change that.
♪ High like the waves ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ In spite of the ache ♪
♪ And I'll do it
a thousand times again ♪
The things that you let them
say about me --
I would never
have done that to you.
♪ For you ♪
Never.
I'm sorry.
The judge is ready for you.
♪ For you ♪
Bailiff:
All rise and come to order.
Honorable Judge Madeline Kane
presiding.
♪ When the silence isn't quiet ♪
♪ And it feels like
it's getting hard to breathe ♪
Judge Kane: Please be seated.
♪ And I know
you feel like dying ♪
I've taken all testimony
and evidence in this matter
under submission.
♪ But I promise we'll take
the world to its feet ♪
And after careful consideration,
my ruling is as follows.
♪ And move mountains ♪
I hereby grant
sole physical custody
of Sofia Robbin Sloan Torres
to...
♪ Bring it to its feet ♪
♪ Move mountains ♪
-Oh. Have you heard anything?
-No, not yet.
Robbins said she'd text
as soon as the judge decided.
♪ And I'll rise up ♪
Torres, too.
This sucks.
♪ High like the waves ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
[ Cellphones chiming ]
♪ In spite of the ache ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ And I'll do it
a thousand times again ♪
What the hell?
♪ For you ♪
Amelia: Give him a stat CT
with contrast.
♪ For you ♪
What happened?
Why wasn't I paged?
Why would you care?
He passed out.
Possible meningitis.
She's not my doctor.
I don't want her here.
♪ For you ♪
Get her out of here.
Wilson.
♪ When the silence isn't quiet ♪
No, don't. I'm --
I'm going.
♪ And it feels like
it's getting hard to breathe ♪
I'm going.
♪ And I know
you feel like dying ♪
♪ But I promise we'll take
the world to its feet ♪
If you're wondering
how the Solomon story ends...
Did you get all your things
from upstairs, Sofia?
♪ Move mountains ♪
Your books and everything?
...spoiler alert --
the true mom would rather
give her baby up
than have it ripped in two.
♪ And I'll rise up ♪
Hi, sweetie.
♪ I'll rise like the day ♪
But what happens when there are
two true mothers?
♪ I'll rise unafraid ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ And I'll do it
a thousand times again ♪
[ Callie cries ]
♪ For you ♪
How the hell
did this happen?
♪ For you ♪
How?
How the hell did this happen?
♪ For you ♪
[ Cries ]
♪ All we need,
all we need is hope ♪
That's a no-win situation.
♪ That we have each other ♪
♪ And for that,
we have each other ♪
♪ And ♪
♪ We will rise ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
Mommy.
Can we go home now?
♪ We will rise ♪
Yeah.
We sure can.
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ Rise like the day ♪
Let's go home.
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ In spite of the ache ♪
That is an entirely
different story.
♪ I will rise
a thousand times again ♪